Scenario: A user is required to enter a valid number in a form, but users sometimes input invalid data.
 Write logic to repeatedly prompt the user until they enter a valid integer.
    get input from user
    check if input is numeric
    if not numeric, request user to input valid numeric value
    repeat this until value entered is numeric

Scenario: A data analysis tool processes a list of numbers and needs to identify the most frequently occurring value.
 Write logic to find the most frequently occurring number in a given list.
    read the list
    iterate through each element
    keep counter of elements having same value
    dislpay the element which has highest counter value

Scenario: A text-processing application needs to compare words and check if they are anagrams (contain the same letters in a different order).
 Write logic to determine whether two given strings are anagrams.
    get two words as inpiut from user
    sort both the input in ascending order
    check if both the sorted words are equal
    if yes then print words are anagram
    else not an anagram

Scenario: A speech analysis program needs to count the number of vowel sounds in a given input.
 Write logic to count the number of vowels in a given string.
    set a string for vowels
    get the input from user
    set a counter to zero
    compare each character in the input string against the vowels
    if matches increament the count by 1 and so on until end of string
    dislpay the counter value as count of vowels in string

Scenario: A text-editing software includes a feature to reverse the order of words in a sentence for stylistic effects.
 Write logic to reverse the order of words in a sentence while keeping the words themselves intact.
    get the input sentence
    slice the sentence into individual words
    print the words in reverse order using -1 step index

Scenario: A missing number is detected in a sequence of values stored in a database.
 Write logic to find the missing number in a list containing n-1 numbers from 1 to n.
    read the input list
    sort the list in ascending order
    check each element in sorted list is consecutive number
    if yes continue
    else print the number as missing number

Scenario: An ATM machine processes withdrawal requests and needs to ensure that users cannot withdraw more than their account balance.
 Write logic to allow a withdrawal only if the balance is sufficient.
    get the withdrwal amount input from user
    read the available balance from user account
    compare withdrwal amount and available balance
    if withdrawal amount is greater than available balance, say insufficient balance
    else continue transaction

Scenario: A system needs to verify whether a given dataset contains duplicate entries.
 Write logic to check whether a given list contains duplicate values.
    read the input list
    set a counter element to zero
    compare the elements in list
    if value of elements are same increament the counter
    display the element value with counter value

Scenario: A digital calculator includes a feature to sum the digits of a number for verification purposes.
 Write logic to calculate the sum of all digits in a given integer.
    get the numeric input from user
    covert it to string
    slice the value to individual digits
    for values in string, sum up the value until end of string
    display the total sum

Scenario: A language-learning app wants to verify whether a given sentence is a pangram (contains every letter of the alphabet at least once).
 Write logic to check if a given sentence is a pangram.

