Scenario: A system checks if a user is eligible to vote based on their age.
 Write logic to ask the user for their age and determine if they are eligible to vote based on whether they are 18 or older.
    Get user age as input
    Check if age is greater than or equal to 18 
    If yes eligible to vote
    Else not eligible

Scenario: A program processes a list of numbers and needs to find the largest value.
 Write logic to identify and return the largest number from a given list.
    Read the list of numbers
    Assume first number as largest
    Iterate through the list comparing each element with current largest number
    If element compared is larger, update largest number
    display the largest number

Scenario: A company provides employees with a 10% bonus if their salary exceeds $50,000.
 Write logic to determine the bonus amount based on the given salary.
    Check if the salary of employee is greater than or equal to 50000
    If yes calculate bonus as 10% of salary
    Else set bonus as zero
    Display bonus

Scenario: A program evaluates a number to determine if it is even or odd.
 Write logic to check whether a given number is even or odd.
    Get a number from user as input
    Check if modulo is equal to zero
    If zero display even number
    Else display odd number

Scenario: A text-processing tool reverses a given word or sentence for formatting purposes.
 Write logic to take a word or sentence as input and produce its reversed version.
    Get a word/sentence as input from user
    Convert the sentence string into characters
    Reverse the order of characters in list
    Combine the characters and form a string
    Return the word/reversed sentence

Scenario: A grading system determines whether a student has passed or failed based on their score.
 Write logic to check if a student has passed a subject by scoring at least 40 marks.
    Get the obtained mark as input from user
    Assume the maximum alloted mark as 100
    Check if mark is greater than or equal to 40
    If yes display as passed
    Else display failed

Scenario: A retail store offers a 20% discount if a customer’s total order exceeds $100.
 Write logic to calculate the final amount to be paid after applying the discount.
    Get the total order amount
    Check if the total order amount is greater than 100
    If yes calculate discount as 20% and total amount payable as total order amount minus discount amount
    Else amount payable as total order amount
    Display amount payable

Scenario: A banking system processes withdrawal requests and ensures the user has enough balance.
 Write logic to check if a user has enough balance before allowing a withdrawal and update the remaining balance accordingly.
    Get available balance from account details and withdrawal amount as input from user
    Check withdrawal is smaller than the available balance
    If yes display balance is not sufficient and decline the transaction
    Else process the transaction and display transaction successful

Scenario: A calendar system verifies whether a given year is a leap year based on standard leap year rules.
 Write logic to determine whether a given year is a leap year.
    Get the year input from user
    If the year is divisible by 400, display it as leap year
    If the year is divisible by 100 and not by 400, display not a leap year
    If the year is divisible by 4 and not buy 100, display it as leap year
    Else not a leap year

Scenario: A program filters out only even numbers from a given list.
 Write logic to extract and return only the even numbers from a list.
    Read the element in list
    Create an empty list to store the even numbers
    Iterate through the list and check if modulo division by 2 is equal to 0
    If yes write the number into the empty list
    Return the final update list

